New Data Source: `azurerm_dev_center_attached_network` (#29793)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/dev_center_attached_network.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Dev Center"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: Data Source: azurerm_dev_center_attached_network"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Dev Center Attached Network.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_dev_center_attached_network

Use this data source to access information about an existing Dev Center Attached Network.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_dev_center_attached_network" "example" {
  name          = azurerm_dev_center_attached_network.example.name
  dev_center_id = azurerm_dev_center_attached_network.example.dev_center_id
}

output "id" {
  value = data.azurerm_dev_center_attached_network.example.id
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of this Dev Center Attached Network.

* `dev_center_id` - (Required) The ID of the associated Dev Center.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Dev Center Attached Network.

> * `network_connection_id` - The ID of the Dev Center Network Connection you want to attach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `network_connection_id` - The ID of the attached Dev Center Network Connection.
```

Author: Updated
